<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
<h:head>
</h:head>
<h:body>

	<script type="text/javascript">
    // Helper function to get parameters from the query string.
    function getUrlParam( paramName ) {
        var reParam = new RegExp( '(?:[\?&amp;]|&amp;)' + paramName + '=([^&amp;]+)', 'i' );
        var match = window.location.search.match( reParam );

        return ( match &amp;&amp; match.length > 1 ) ? match[1] : null;
    }
    // Simulate user action of selecting a file to be returned to CKEditor.
    function returnFileUrl(thefile) {

        var funcNum = getUrlParam( 'CKEditorFuncNum' );
        var fileUrl = 'http://localhost:8080/getResource?file='+thefile;
        window.opener.CKEDITOR.tools.callFunction( funcNum, fileUrl, function() {
            // Get the reference to a dialog window.
            var dialog = this.getDialog();
            // Check if this is the Image Properties dialog window.
            if ( dialog.getName() == 'image' ) {
                // Get the reference to a text field that stores the "alt" attribute.
                var element = dialog.getContentElement( 'info', 'txtAlt' );
                // Assign the new value.
                if ( element )
                    element.setValue( 'alt text' );
            }
            // Return "false" to stop further execution. In such case CKEditor will ignore the second argument ("fileUrl")
            // and the "onSelect" function assigned to the button that called the file manager (if defined).
            // return false;
        } );
        window.close();
    }
	</script>
	
	<h:form enctype="multipart/form-data">

		<p:dataTable var="file" value="#{fileListView.files}">
		
			<p:column headerText="File">
		        <h:commandLink value="#{file.name}" 
		        	onclick="returnFileUrl('#{file.name}');">
		        
		        </h:commandLink>
		    </p:column>
		    
		</p:dataTable>	
	
	</h:form>
</h:body>
</html>
